Nolan Downey
Lab 5 Report

	For part 3 of this lab, I created a program which takes in a data file, then gives a user choices based off of the information stored in that data file. For this specific program, the data file asked to be inputted contains a list of my favorite sayings and quotations, and then prompts the user with four different options on what to do with those sayings. The first option displays each of the sayings on separate lines so that the user knows what data is contained in such file. The second option allows the user to input a new saying of their own, and this saying is then appended to the end of the data file as a new saying, and will pop up if the user selects the display option once again. As a side note, the menu will continue to come up after each option/task is completed until the user chooses the exit option, which in this program is option 5. The third option allows the user to search for strings in the data file that contain an user inputted substring, for example "is", and then the program will display all the sayings that contain the inputted letter, word, etc.
	From a programmers perspective, the program makes use of vectors of strings, the fstream library, and multiple functions to complete its task. The main function simply asks for the name of a data file, checks to see if that data file exists, then displays a menu of options for the user to pick from. It then directs the user's choice using a function called choice_director to direct the user's choice to a specific function to complete said task. The vector of strings had to be passed along by reference, as vectors are passed by value by default, and the inputted filename had to be passed along to the second option so that the new string could be added to the existing data file. The function makes use of both iterators and indexing to accomplish certain tasks, such as displaying each saying individually and putting the sayings into a new data file, and it uses a switch statement to direct the user's choice to a given function. The program also makes use of specific methods and functions, like .find() and getline() respectively, to accomplish the tasks of locating a substring and inputting a new saying. Getline() is used instead of cin because the natural delimiter for cin is a " " (space) while the natural delimiter for getline() is a "/n" (new line). The fstream library was used to read in the existing data file and input the sayings into a vector of strings, and it was used to add new sayings to the existing file/save the sayings into a new data file.
	I checked for the validity of my program by putting false inputs into every option which needed inputs, like the beginning data file and the choice number. I ran into a couple problems when first checking my program for errors, but they were easily fixed and now the program is(should be!) error free and correct.
