Nolan Downey
Lab 4 Report

	For this week's lab, part 3 was a code programmed to present information about Notre Dame football and it's history as a program. It includes the win - loss data from every year since 1900, but unfortunately it ignores the ties for those seasons. From a user's persepctive, the doe first presents a menu with 7 options. The first option, if selected, then prompts the user to input a year (since 1900 till now), and then presents the win-loss record from that given year. The second option prompts the user to enter a minimum number of wins, then outputs all season which ended at or above that number of wins. THe third option presents the same information as option 2 but with losses instead of wins. The fourth and fifth options present the same information every time they are selected, as there is no variable that is asked from the user. The fourth option presents all seasons where the Irish ended up winning more games than losing, and the fifth options shows the opposite (more losses than wins). The final, sixth option presents similar information to the previous two options, but only presents the undefeated seasons from the Irish. The only way to exit the program is to enter option seven, which quits the menu.

	From a programmer's perspective, the main function is very short and simple, calling multiple functions which contain loops to continually run the program. There is a function to display the menu continually, a function to direct the user's choice to a given action, then functions for each of the different options. Each function is very simple and only completes one main action, but together they create a very organized and friendly visual from a programmer's perspective. There are for loops to work through the wins and losses arrays, which were downloaded and included in the file nd_data.h. 

	The way I checked for accuracy was by going through each option multiple times and checking to see if the years outputted matched those from the data file. The only obstacle I ran into was that the "losing seasons" option displayed 2019, and I then realized I needed to make the number less than the size of the array, because the index of the array starts at zero so the size of the array is one more than the index.
